README.md, before:

# Test lib

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/goto?ref=main"><img src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Ftadmccorkle%2Frpc.net%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain" alt="Build Status"/></a>
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/tadmccorkle/rpc.net"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="Coverage Status"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3-green" alt="License"/></a>
</p>

| Library             |     Type      |                                                     Current Version                                                      |
| :------------------ | :-----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Tad.M.TestLib       | Base Library  |       [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/tad.m.testlib)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Tad.M.TestLib/)       |
| Tad.M.TestLib.Other | Other Library | [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/tad.m.testlib.other)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Tad.M.TestLib.Other/) |

Commit message:

test code coverage and readme

README.md, after:

# Test lib

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Ftadmccorkle%2Frpc.net%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain)](https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/goto?ref=main)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/tadmccorkle/rpc.net)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3-green)](https://github.com/tadmccorkle/rpc.net/blob/main/LICENSE)

| Library             |     Type      |                                                     Current Version                                                      |
| :------------------ | :-----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Tad.M.TestLib       | Base Library  |       [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/tad.m.testlib)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Tad.M.TestLib/)       |
| Tad.M.TestLib.Other | Other Library | [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/tad.m.testlib.other)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Tad.M.TestLib.Other/) |

This is some test text that wraps multiple lines that will be used to see what
things look like on nuget.org.

## Contributing

Need something else that this library doesn't do? Found a bug or have an idea
for a potential feature enhancement? Want to help out? Check out
[CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD-3 Clause license. See the
[LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for license terms.
